

#Schedule
YEAR=2004

WEEK 1
colts at patriots
jaguars at bills
lions at bears
ravens at browns
chargers at texans
titans at dolphins
seahawks at saints
bengals at jets
raiders at steelers
cardinals at rams
buccaneers at redskins
cowboys at vikings
giants at eagles
chiefs at broncos
falcons at 49ers
packers at panthers

WEEK 2
rams at falcons
steelers at ravens
browns at cowboys
texans at lions
bears at packers
broncos at jaguars
panthers at chiefs
49ers at saints
redskins at giants
seahawks at buccaneers
patriots at cardinals
bills at raiders
jets at chargers
colts at titans
dolphins at bengals
vikings at eagles

WEEK 3
cardinals at falcons
ravens at bengals
eagles at lions
texans at chiefs
steelers at dolphins
bears at vikings
browns at giants
saints at rams
chargers at broncos
jaguars at titans
packers at colts
49ers at seahawks
buccaneers at raiders
cowboys at redskins

WEEK 4
patriots at bills
eagles at bears
redskins at browns
giants at packers
raiders at texans
colts at jaguars
saints at cardinals
bengals at steelers
falcons at panthers
jets at dolphins
titans at chargers
broncos at buccaneers
rams at 49ers
chiefs at ravens

WEEK 5
lions at falcons
giants at cowboys
vikings at texans
raiders at colts
dolphins at patriots
buccaneers at saints
bills at jets
browns at steelers
panthers at broncos
jaguars at chargers
cardinals at 49ers
rams at seahawks
ravens at redskins
titans at packers

WEEK 6
chargers at falcons
dolphins at bills
redskins at bears
bengals at browns
packers at lions
chiefs at jaguars
49ers at jets
seahawks at patriots
panthers at eagles
texans at titans
steelers at cowboys
broncos at raiders
vikings at saints
buccaneers at rams

WEEK 7
bills at ravens
chargers at panthers
eagles at browns
jaguars at colts
falcons at chiefs
rams at dolphins
titans at vikings
lions at giants
jets at patriots
bears at buccaneers
seahawks at cardinals
cowboys at packers
saints at raiders
broncos at bengals

WEEK 8
cardinals at bills
lions at cowboys
jaguars at texans
colts at chiefs
giants at vikings
patriots at steelers
bengals at titans
packers at redskins
falcons at broncos
panthers at seahawks
ravens at eagles
raiders at chargers
49ers at bears
dolphins at jets

WEEK 9
jets at bills
raiders at panthers
cowboys at bengals
redskins at lions
cardinals at dolphins
eagles at steelers
bears at giants
chiefs at buccaneers
saints at chargers
seahawks at 49ers
texans at broncos
patriots at rams
browns at ravens
vikings at colts

WEEK 10
buccaneers at falcons
steelers at browns
texans at colts
lions at jaguars
ravens at jets
chiefs at saints
seahawks at rams
bears at titans
giants at cardinals
bengals at redskins
vikings at packers
panthers at 49ers
bills at patriots
eagles at cowboys

WEEK 11
cowboys at ravens
rams at bills
cardinals at panthers
colts at bears
steelers at bengals
jets at browns
titans at jaguars
lions at vikings
broncos at saints
49ers at buccaneers
chargers at raiders
dolphins at seahawks
falcons at giants
redskins at eagles
packers at texans
patriots at chiefs

WEEK 12
bears at cowboys
colts at lions
buccaneers at panthers
browns at bengals
titans at texans
chargers at chiefs
jaguars at vikings
ravens at patriots
eagles at giants
redskins at steelers
jets at cardinals
saints at falcons
dolphins at 49ers
bills at seahawks
raiders at broncos
rams at packers

WEEK 13
bengals at ravens
vikings at bears
patriots at browns
cardinals at lions
titans at colts
bills at dolphins
texans at jets
panthers at saints
49ers at rams
falcons at buccaneers
chiefs at raiders
broncos at chargers
packers at eagles
giants at redskins
steelers at jaguars
cowboys at seahawks

WEEK 14
raiders at falcons
giants at ravens
browns at bills
saints at cowboys
lions at packers
colts at texans
bears at jaguars
seahawks at vikings
dolphins at broncos
bengals at patriots
49ers at cardinals
jets at steelers
rams at panthers
buccaneers at chargers
eagles at redskins
chiefs at titans

WEEK 15
steelers at giants
redskins at 49ers
panthers at falcons
texans at bears
bills at bengals
vikings at lions
jaguars at packers
chargers at browns
seahawks at jets
rams at cardinals
cowboys at eagles
broncos at chiefs
saints at buccaneers
ravens at colts
titans at raiders
patriots at dolphins

WEEK 16
packers at vikings
raiders at chiefs
broncos at titans
giants at bengals
bears at lions
chargers at colts
texans at jaguars
falcons at saints
ravens at steelers
patriots at jets
panthers at buccaneers
redskins at cowboys
bills at 49ers
browns at dolphins
cardinals at seahawks
eagles at rams

WEEK 17
dolphins at ravens
steelers at bills
saints at panthers
packers at bears
browns at texans
49ers at patriots
bengals at eagles
jets at rams
lions at titans
vikings at redskins
buccaneers at cardinals
falcons at seahawks
colts at broncos
jaguars at raiders
cowboys at giants
chiefs at chargers

